docs(openapi): add more docs for swagger setup method (#1645)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/openapi/introduction.md

    .addTag('cats')
    .build();
  const document = SwaggerModule.createDocument(app, options);
  SwaggerModule.setup('api', app, document, {
    swaggerOptions: {
      persistAuthorization: true,
    },
    customSiteTitle: 'My website browser title.',

>   });

Reviewer: If we're going to add this, it should be explicitly stated as to what this configuration does, otherwise it's kind of just shooting in the dark for others and hoping it works.

Author: Since the object name was so obvious, I didn't have any idea where to mention it. But since `persistAuthorization` wasn't mentioned anywhere, It was very hard to test APIs.

Reviewer 2: We shouldn't update the most basic example, but rather describe available configuration properties later in the doc.

Author: It's done. Please check it and let me know if there is more to do.

Author: > We shouldn't update the most basic example

Also removed the option from the main example.

> 1. the path to mount the Swagger UI
> 2. an application instance
> 3. the document object instantiated above
> 4. optional configuration parameter. More on this in the [Setup options section](/openapi/introduction#document-options).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. The path to mount the Swagger UI
2. An application instance
3. The document object instantiated above
4. Optional configuration parameter (read more [here](/openapi/introduction#document-options))
```

1. the path to mount the Swagger UI
2. an application instance
3. the document object instantiated above

> 4. optional configuration parameter

Reviewer: Should we mention what kind of configuration parameters can go here?

Author: I mentioned it in the new commit specifically. Thanks for the suggestion.

});
```

#### Setup options

> You can configure Swagger UI by passing the options object which fulfills the `SwaggerCustomOptions` interface as a fourth argument of the `SwaggerModule#setup` method.
> 
> ```TypeScript
> export interface SwaggerCustomOptions {
>   explorer?: boolean;
>   swaggerOptions?: Record<string, any>;
>   customCss?: string;
>   customCssUrl?: string;
>   customJs?: string;
>   customfavIcon?: string;
>   swaggerUrl?: string;
>   customSiteTitle?: string;
>   validatorUrl?: string;
>   url?: string;
>   urls?: Record<'url' | 'name', string>[];
> }
> ```
> 
> For example, if you want to make sure that the authentication token persists after refreshing the page, or change the page title (that shows up in the browser), you can use the following settings:
> 
> ```TypeScript
> const customOptions: SwaggerCustomOptions = {
>   swaggerOptions: {
>     persistAuthorization: true,
>   },
>   customSiteTitle: 'My API Docs',
> };
> SwaggerModule.setup('docs', app, document, customOptions);

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can configure Swagger UI by passing the options object which fulfills the `SwaggerCustomOptions` interface as a fourth argument of the `SwaggerModule#setup` method.

```TypeScript
export interface SwaggerCustomOptions {
  explorer?: boolean;
  swaggerOptions?: Record<string, any>;
  customCss?: string;
  customCssUrl?: string;
  customJs?: string;
  customfavIcon?: string;
  swaggerUrl?: string;
  customSiteTitle?: string;
  validatorUrl?: string;
  url?: string;
  urls?: Record<'url' | 'name', string>[];
}
```

For example, if you want to make sure that the authentication token persists after refreshing the page, or change the page title (that shows up in the browser), you can use the following settings:

```TypeScript
const customOptions: SwaggerCustomOptions = {
  swaggerOptions: {
    persistAuthorization: true,
  },
  customSiteTitle: 'My API Docs',
};
SwaggerModule.setup('docs', app, document, customOptions);
```

#### Example

A working example is available [here](https://github.com/nestjs/nest/tree/master/sample/11-swagger).
```

});
```

#### Setup options

You can configure Swagger UI by passing the options object which fulfills the `SwaggerCustomOptions` interface as a fourth argument of the `SwaggerModule#setup` method.

```TypeScript
export interface SwaggerCustomOptions {
  explorer?: boolean;
  swaggerOptions?: Record<string, any>;
  customCss?: string;
  customCssUrl?: string;
  customJs?: string;
  customfavIcon?: string;
  swaggerUrl?: string;
  customSiteTitle?: string;
  validatorUrl?: string;
  url?: string;
  urls?: Record<'url' | 'name', string>[];
}
```

> For example, if you want to make sure that the authentication token persists after refreshing the page, or change the page title (that shows up in the browser), you can use the following settings:
> 
> ```TypeScript
> const customOptions: SwaggerCustomOptions = {
>   swaggerOptions: {
>     persistAuthorization: true,
>   },
>   customSiteTitle: 'My API Docs',
> };
> SwaggerModule.setup('docs', app, document, customOptions);
> 
> A working example is available [here](https://github.com/nestjs/nest/tree/master/sample/11-swagger).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, if you want to make sure that the authentication token persists after refreshing the page, or change the page title (that shows up in the browser), you can use the following settings:

```TypeScript
const customOptions: SwaggerCustomOptions = {
  swaggerOptions: {
    persistAuthorization: true,
  },
  customSiteTitle: 'My API Docs',
};
SwaggerModule.setup('docs', app, document, customOptions);
```

#### Example

A working example is available [here](https://github.com/nestjs/nest/tree/master/sample/11-swagger).
```

});
```

> ### Setup options

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Setup options
```

> While calling setup method, it is possible to have some extra options. These options should be of type `SwaggerCustomOptions`, which can be the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While calling the setup method, it is possible to pass extra options. These options should be of type `SwaggerCustomOptions`, which can be the following:

> While calling the setup method, it is possible to pass extra options. These options should be of type `SwaggerCustomOptions`, which can be the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can configure Swagger UI by passing the options object which fulfills the `SwaggerCustomOptions` interface as a fourth argument of the `SwaggerModule#setup` method.
```

```TypeScript
export interface SwaggerCustomOptions {
    explorer?: boolean;

>     swaggerOptions?: any;

Reviewer: Would this be better typed as `Record<string, any>`? `any` itself is a bit vague and makes it seem a `boolean` or a `number` fits here, when it should really be an object.

Author: This is the exact thing that I copied from the source code. Despite `SwaggerDocumentOptions` that has some comments and more details, `SwaggerCustomOptions ` has nothing. Btw, if you want I can add `Record<string, any>` instead of any. Maybe I can add it to `SwaggerCustomOptions` in another pull request.

Reviewer 2: @vahidvdn I like this idea! feel free to create a PR to swagger repo

Author: @kamilmysliwiec actually the best idea is to define a type for `swaggerOptions` parameter. For example, the developers have no idea to use `persistAuthorization` without a type definition. But I really have no idea what all parameters are available for `swaggerOptions`.
Btw, for this PR if still needs more changes please let me know. Thanks

>     explorer?: boolean;
>     swaggerOptions?: Record<string, any>;
>     customCss?: string;
>     customCssUrl?: string;
>     customJs?: string;
>     customfavIcon?: string;
>     swaggerUrl?: string;
>     customSiteTitle?: string;
>     validatorUrl?: string;
>     url?: string;
>     urls?: Record<'url' | 'name', string>[];

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  explorer?: boolean;
  swaggerOptions?: Record<string, any>;
  customCss?: string;
  customCssUrl?: string;
  customJs?: string;
  customfavIcon?: string;
  swaggerUrl?: string;
  customSiteTitle?: string;
  validatorUrl?: string;
  url?: string;
  urls?: Record<'url' | 'name', string>[];
```

}
```

> For example, if you want to make sure that the auth token in the docs persists after refreshing page or change the browser title you can set the following:
> 
> ```TypeScript
> const customOptions: SwaggerCustomOptions = {
>   swaggerOptions: {
>     persistAuthorization: true,
>   },
>   customSiteTitle: 'My API Docs',
> };
> SwaggerModule.setup('docs', app, document, customOptions);
> ```
> 
> 
> #### Example

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, if you want to make sure that the authentication token persists after refreshing the page, or change the page title (that shows up in the browser), you can use the following settings:

```TypeScript
const customOptions: SwaggerCustomOptions = {
  swaggerOptions: {
    persistAuthorization: true,
  },
  customSiteTitle: 'My API Docs',
};
SwaggerModule.setup('docs', app, document, customOptions);
```

#### Example
```
